## mHide Get Props
Originally (and still) written to be used with MagiskHide Props Config Magisk module.  
  
The main purpose of mHideGP is to gather prop values from a stock boot image, stock recovery image, stock prop file or the device itself.  
  
mHideGP will generate a file named _mhp_Brand_Model_BuildDateTime_ or _mhp_Model_BuildDateTime_ depending on the device.  
The _mhp_ file will contain the system build fingerprint, security date and other needed and useful device props.  
  
The mhp file is formatted to be used as a custom fingerprint list for the MagiskHide Props Config module.  
_You will need to rename the mhp file to ```printslist```  
  See the MagiskHide Props Config instructions on using a custom fingerprint list._  
  
If a boot or recovery image is used, you will need to unpack the image file first.  
mHideGP relies on the use of _Android Image Kitchen (AIK)_ by osm0sis for unpacking a boot or recovery image.  
_If used with a different method to unpack an image file, make sure to make changes in the script file(s) accordingly._  
  
Information and download links for Android Image Kitchen and MagiskHide Props Config, can be found on xda-Developers.  
  [_Android Image Kitchen (AIK)_](https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2073775) by osm0sis.  
  [_MagiskHide Props Config_](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/module-magiskhide-props-config-t3789228) by Didgeridoohan.  
  
---  

### Scripts
  
**mHideGP**  
  
This script will create a file with the device properties that are useful to use with MagiskHide Props Config.  
  It will look for a device prop file to read and generate a file named _mhp_Brand_Model_BuildDateTime_ or _mhp_Model_BuildDateTime_.  
   If a ramdisk directory exists, it will first check there for a file named _prop.default_ or _default.prop_.  
   If a ramdisk directory does not exist, or there is no prop file to use, it will then check for a _build.prop_, _prop.default_, _default.prop_ or _getprop.props_ file in the current directory.  

When run on an Android device, it will still check for a device prop file. If no prop file is found, it will generate a _getprop.props_ file one from the device it is running on using the _getprop_ command.  
  

**concat_mHideGP**  
  
This script will merge all the _mhp_ files created by mHideGP into a new file named _mHide-printslist-CurrentDate_.  
  

**aik_mHideGP**  
  
This script will use AIK's unpackimg and cleanup scripts along with the mHideGP script.  
    
It will Run AIK's unpackimg script to unpack a boot and/or recovery image, mHideGP script to generate a mhp file, then AIK's cleanup script.  
_It will do this for all the image files in the directory._  

It will also combine all the _mhp_ files generated by the mHideGP script into a new _mHide-printslist-CurrentDate_ file.  
  
Unlike the concat script, aik_mHideGP will **delete** the _mhp_ files as part of the cleanup portion of the script.  
_Backup files generated by the mHideGP script(s) are ignored and not used, merged or deleted._  
  
- Requires Android Image Kitchen (AIK)  
- Requires the mHideGP script.  
  - Recommended certified.list file.  
  

**get_cert_list**  
  
This script will download (curl) the public certified list html file and format it into a new file (_certified.list_) with tab spacing for the four columns.  
  _Retail Branding  Marketing Name  Device  Model_  
  
It is easier and quicker to search a text file than waiting for a website based table to load.  
_Especially one that has over 28,800 entries._  
  
This script currently keeps a copy of the _HMTL_ file and the corresponding _certified.list_ file as part of the backup. These backups are not necessary but only saved for reference. They are saved to a directory named _xfiles_ in the current directory.  
  
### To Do
- Fix and Finish the batch (Windows) port(s).  
- Quick update to aik_mHideGP to support other prop files.  
- Finish the How-To _(Instructions)_  
  
### Recent changes
- Rewrite README.  
- Fix and cleanup of some scripts.  
  
### How to use
  
Copy, clone or download the script(s).  
Each script has a header that explains the script and basic instruction.  

- [Instructions](https://github.com/ipdev99/mHideGP/wiki)  
  
### Notes
  
- Feel free to use, change, improve, adapt.  
 - Remember to share.  
  

### Credits
- The Android Community and everyone who has helped me learn through the years.
- osm0sis [_Android Image Kitchen (AIK)_](https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2073775)
- Didgeridoohan [_MagiskHide Props Config_](https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/module-magiskhide-props-config-t3789228)
